Omit inodes for mountpoints with a dash percentage (#73)
appsignal/probes-rs: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

- Support disk usage reporting (using `df`) on Alpine Linux.

> - Don't report inodes for mountpoints that report no usage percentage.

Reviewer: I'm suggesting a wording but I'm not sure if it's any clearer 🤔 What I want is to point out what is it we've fixed, if that makes sense -- not _how_ it's fixed.

```suggestion
- When an inode has no usage percentage, report inode information successfully for the inodes that do have an usage percentage.
```

Author: ```suggestion
- When a disk mountpoint has no inodes usage percentage, skip the mountpoint, and report the inodes information successfully for the inodes that do have an inodes usage percentage.
```
